Misc docs updates (#17437)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/migrating-from-previous-releases.md

This article details the migration steps required to migrate from one version to the next when breaking changes are being introduced.

## Uno Platform 5.3

> Uno Platform 5.3 contains an improved template and Uno.SDK versioning, new default text font and Rider support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform 5.3 contains an improved template and Uno.SDK versioning, new default text font, and Rider support.
```

> Uno Platform 5.3 contains an improved template and Uno.SDK versioning, new default text font and Rider support.

Reviewer: No mention of the HR indicator needed here? (just for reference to the HR Indicator doc)

Author: This feature has no migration impact.

The support for .NET 7 has been removed, since it was a Standard Term Support (STS) release which [ended in May 2024](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/platform/support/policy/dotnet-core). You can [upgrade your project to .NET 8](xref:Uno.Development.MigratingFromNet7ToNet8) using our guide.

> ### Single Project updates

Reviewer: @jeromelaban no additional updates needed whatsoever for the https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/master/doc/articles/features/using-the-uno-sdk.md documentation?

Also for the supported OS version, it is still the same lately I imagine?
https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/master/doc/articles/features/using-the-uno-sdk.md#supported-os-platform-versions

Author: There's no other upgrade needed in using-the-uno-sdk.md, and supported versions did not change. They may when net9 gets released, but not yet.

Similar to version 5.2, using the new project template is entirely optional and previous project structures are fully supported.

If you want to migrate to the new Single Project, you can follow the [Migrating to Single Project](xref:Uno.Development.MigratingToSingleProject) guide.

If you are upgrading from an Uno Platform 5.2 project, you can remove the following section from your `Directory.Build.props`:

```xml
  <!-- See https://aka.platform.uno/using-uno-sdk#implicit-packages for more information regarding the Implicit Packages version properties. -->
  <PropertyGroup>
    <UnoExtensionsVersion>...</UnoExtensionsVersion>
    <UnoToolkitVersion>...</UnoToolkitVersion>
    <UnoThemesVersion>...</UnoThemesVersion>
    <UnoCSharpMarkupVersion>...</UnoCSharpMarkupVersion>
  </PropertyGroup>
```

### Default Text Font

> Starting from Uno Platform 5.3, the [default text font](xref:Uno.Features.CustomFonts#default-text-font) is now changed to [Open Sans](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts#open-sans-font) in the templates, when the [`OpenSans` feature](xref:Uno.Features.Uno.Sdk#uno-platform-features) is specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from Uno Platform 5.3, the [default text font](xref:Uno.Features.CustomFonts#default-text-font) has been changed to [Open Sans](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.fonts#open-sans-font) in the templates, when the [`OpenSans` feature](xref:Uno.Features.Uno.Sdk#uno-platform-features) is specified.
```
